this could be the fuel tank for your new
outboard we're getting our first look
today as this new to Haku propane five
this is a portable outboard designed
specifically to run on propane fuel made
by to have two in Japan let's take a
look under the cows and see how they did
it so they started with their six
horsepower gasoline power heads convert
it to run on propane they change the
cylinder head replace the carburetor
with a fuel mixture and a dad especially
tur there's also a valve on this side
that we shut off the fuel flow anytime
the motors not running so you don't have
to worry about propane flowing out of
the tank through the engine now this
engine will be available in 15 20 and 25
inch shaft lengths for sail boats some
of the advantages of propane power
include very clean operation the exhaust
emissions are very low compared to
gasoline it completely eliminates any of
the fuel related problems with ethanol
gas that have plagued outwards the last
few years and if you're a cruiser and
already have propane onboard for cooking
fuel it allows you to only have one fuel
source on your boat to find out more
read my story on boats calm
[Music]
boat insurance hackneyed knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters